Add redirectUrls prefix to merchant config and redirectUrl to create … (#207)
centrapay/centrapay.github.io: src/api/payment-requests/payment-requests.md

| patronCodeId     | String | The id of a [Patron Code][] the payment request is attached to.                                                                                                       |
| barcode          | String | Scanned patron barcode used to create the payment request.                                                                                                            |
| expirySeconds    | Number | The expiry seconds used to configure the payment request expiry.                                                                                                      |
| lineItems        | Array  | **EXPERIMENTAL** The [Line Items](#line-item) being paid for.                                                                                                         |
| purchaseOrderRef | String | A reference to a purchase order for this payment request.                                                                                                             |
| invoiceRef       | String | A reference to an invoice for this payment request.                                                                                                                   |

> | redirectUrl      | String | **Experimental** Url to redirect to after paying a payment request. The redirectUrl prefix must be from one of the supported redirectUrls for the [Merchant Config][] |

Reviewer: after paying OR cancelling

> | redirectUrl      | String | **Experimental** Url to redirect to after paying or cancelling a payment request. The redirectUrl prefix must be from one of allowedRedirectUrls for the [Merchant Config][]. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| redirectUrl      | String | **Experimental** URL to redirect the user to after they pay or cancel the Payment Request. Must start with one of the `allowedRedirectUrls` for the [Merchant Config][]. |
```

      value: { amount: '8991', currency: 'NZD' },
    })
  }
  example {
    title 'Create a Payment Request with redirect url'
    body ({
      configId: '5efbe2fb96c08357bb2b9242',
      value: { amount: '8991', currency: 'NZD' },

>       redirectUrl: 'https://app.centrapay.com',

Reviewer: can you use a realistic shopping url like https://example.com/store/checkout?cartId=1234
